Friendship is one of the greatest blessings that not everyone is lucky enough to have. We meet a lot of people in the journey of life but there are only a few who leave a mark on us. My friends has been able to make a positive impact on my life although were only part of each other’s lives for a few years, our friendship is still developing. They are always with me through all the thicks and thins. Most importantly, I feel extremely fortunate to have a great friends in my life. In this essay on my best friend, I will tell you about how we became friends and about their best qualities.
Our Friendship
Our friendship started when we were a senior high school student. all of us were hesitant to talk to each other at first, but gradually we developed a bond. I remember the first time my best friend tried to talk to me and I was hesitatant if I should socialize with him. However, to my surprise, we became best friends by the end of the school year.
We learned so many things about each other and found out that our taste in music was similar. Since then, there was no stopping us. We spent all our time together and our friendship became known. We used to help each other out in studies and visited each other’s homes as well. We also plan a meet up for whatever we will do on every sundays. 
On our summer break, we even went out for swimming and made a lot of memories. Also during the summer holidays, we would often hang out at one of my friend’s house. Moreover, we even invented our own handshake which we only knew. Through this bond, I learned that family doesn’t end with blood because my best friend was no less than my family. Friendship is one relationship that you choose, unlike all other relationships.
Qualities of My Best Friend
I feel one of the main reasons why I formed such a bond with my best friend was because of their qualities that they possesses. One of them would apparently teach me on how to develop a social skills which i lack off during that time. They also have this attitude or mindset that no matter what happens, just be happy and enjoy every moment of your life with your loved ones.
Above all, I feel the quality that appeals to me the most is their compassion. Whether it’s towards humans or animals, they always keeps the same approach. For instance, there was an injured stray dog that was wailing in pain, my best friend did not only get him treated but she also adopted him.
In short, the bond I share with my best friend is one of my most prized possessions. All of us inspire each other to become better humans. We push each other to do our best and we are always there in need. A best friend is indeed a precious gem and I am fortunate to have found that gem of my life.
 
Families are an integral part of one’s life. It does not matter if you have a small or big family, as long as you have one. A family serves as the first school to the child where one learns about various things. The basic knowledge about one’s culture and identity comes from their family only. In other words, you are a reflection of your family. All the good habits and manners one has incorporated are from their family only. I feel very lucky to be born in a family which has made me a better person. In my opinion, families are an essential part of one’s being. In this essay on my family, I will tell you why family is important.

Why Families are Important?
Families are a blessing not everyone is fortunate enough to have. However, those who do, sometimes do not value this blessing. Some people spend time away from the family in order to become independent.
However, they do not realize its importance. Families are essential as they help in our growth. They develop us into becoming a complete person with an individual identity. Moreover, they give us a sense of security and a safe environment to flourish in.
We learn to socialize through our families only and develop our intellect. Studies show that people who live with their families tend to be happier than ones living alone. They act as your rock in times of trouble.
Families are the only ones who believe in you when the whole world doubts you. Similarly, when you are down and out, they are the first ones to cheer you up. Certainly, it is a true blessing to have a positive family by your side.

Pillars of Strength
My family has been always by my side in ups and downs. They have taught me how to be a better person. My family consists of four siblings and my parents. We also have a cat that is no less than our family.
Within each family member, lies my strength. My mother is my strength as I can always count on her when I need a shoulder to cry on. She believes in me more than any other person. She is the backbone of our family. My father is someone who will always hide away his troubles for the sake of his family.
He has taught me the real meaning of strength. My siblings are my best friends on whom I can always fall back on. Even my cat has taught me the meaning of loyalty. He always cheers me up whenever I don’t feel good. My family is my power that keeps pushing me to achieve newer heights.
In short, I will forever be indebted to my family for all they have done for me. I cannot imagine my life without them. They are my first teachers and my first friends.
They are responsible for creating a safe and secure environment for me at home. I can share everything with my family as they never judge one another. We believe in the power of love above everything and that drives us to help each other to become better human beings.
